https://codepen.io/ericmay63/pen/eYzRByM?editors=1100
 whew
 

1. What is Semantic HTML? It gives meaning to HTML 

    2. What is HTML used for? Html is the buliding blocks of the page or site used to create websites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? a attribute such as <a href is used to link a website we put in html

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the main heading fo a page or site and you should only use it one time look at it like a tilte of a book or movie

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: A href and src for image

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the title and links to other info

    7. What is an id? it is a unique name for the line or section of code 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? class is like a id but can be used multiple times in a page

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? once

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use href

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? it is used as a second pic in that line

    15. How do I reference an id? example is #info

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div the only difference is Semantic

    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to add style and format to the site you are working on.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page- you would select as *h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class you can use multiple times on one page while id you can only use once

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? example .content-section

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class="human"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? . parent .child and used to select all parents or children

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? . .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?*

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?s line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? !/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? li

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -reference
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as need to 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    fork
    clone
    cd into repo
    git checkout to branch
    then git add and git commit as needed then git push
    hello
    see if this works
    
